<TITLE> Neuronal tiling <\TITLE>
Neuronal tiling is a phenomenon in which multiple arbors of neurons 
innervate the same surface/tissue in a nonredundant and tiled pattern
that maximizes coverage of the surface while minimizing overlap 
between neighbouring arbors. Hence, dendrites of the same neuron
spread out by avoiding one another (self-avoidance). Moreover, 
dendrites of certain types of neurons such as class III and class IV 
dendritic arborization neurons avoid dendrites of neighbouring neurons
of the same type (tiling), whereas dendrites of different neuronal 
types can cover the same territory (coexistence).

One good example of this organization is the cell bodies of virtually
all retinal cell types which are arranged as independent, nonrandom 
mosaics that maximize the distance between neighbouring cells.

Elucidating the mechanisms of process spacing during development is 
therefore relevant for understanding principles of tissue organization 
inside and outside of the nervous system.

<TITLE> Lyons Demesne </TITLE>
Lyons Demesne, also Lyons Estate, is a country house and estate in 
Lyons Hill, County Kildare, Ireland. It is located near Newcastle 
Demesne and Celbridge, to the northeast of Tipperstown, 24.8 kilometres
(15.4 mi) west of the city centre of Dublin. The Georgian house, 
completed in 1797 under architect Oliver Grace, is set in 600 acres 
(240 ha). Historically, Lyons was the setting of a notable duel 
between Daniel O'Connell and John D'Esterre. University College 
Dublin Lyons Research Farm consists of a portion of the original 
Lyons Estate and is used by the School of Agriculture, Food Science 
and Veterinary Medicine for teaching and research activities.

History:
Michael Aylmer inherited the estate at the age of four in 1733 and 
became indebted to banker Nicholas Lawless (later Baron Cloncurry), 
eventually losing the house in 1796. Lawless commissioned architect 
Grace to build a "grand Georgian mansion" in 1785, and it was 
completed in 1797. His son, Valentine Lawless, 2nd Baron Cloncurry 
continued the efforts between 1804 and 1810, developing the house 
further.

A duel took place at Lyons in 1815 subsequent to a speech made by 
O'Connell. He was challenged by the John D'Esterre, a member of the 
Dublin Corporation, who objected to O'Connell's description of 
'Corpo' being a 'beggarly corporation'. The expectation was that 
D'Esterre would kill O'Connell. However it was O'Connell who mortally
wounded D'Esterre with a shot in the hip which lodged the bullet in 
D'Esterre's stomach.

University College Dublin (UCD) purchased the Lyons Estate in 1963, 
the purchase consisting of the Lyons House and approximately 1,200 
acres (490 ha). In the early 1990s, the university sold the house 
and half of the land, approximately 620 acres. It was purchased by 
the late Ryanair businessman Tony Ryan in 1996 for 3.5 million who 
spent over 80 million renovating it, and it was bequeathed to his 
wife upon his death. In 2009, the estate was valued at 65.5 million 
but has since drastically declined in value, on the market in July 
2012 at 25 million.

Architecture and fittings:
Lyons Demesne, considered a "Georgian treasure", was completed 
between 1785 and 1797. Later, Valentine Lawless, 2nd Baron Cloncurry,
spent 200,000 on renovation included frescoes by Gaspare Gabrielli 
and three ship loads of classical art imported from Italy. A fourth 
shipment was lost when it sank off Wicklow. Treasures which were 
successfully imported include three columns from the ruins of the 
Golden House of Nero in Rome, used in the portico, and a statue of 
Venus excavated at Ostia. Country Life, who regards Lyons as Ireland's 
most significant estate, says of it, "There are seven suites in the 
main house, a self contained guest wing with four bedrooms and staff 
quarters in the north wing." The house has its own private cinema, 
gymnasium, billiards room, helicopter landing pad, traditional Irish 
pub, wine cellar, and half-Olympic-sized swimming pool. It is 
decorated in the Directoire style, of which there are few examples in
Ireland.

Grounds:
The gardens of the estate were developed by Lawless between 1804 and 
1810. There are an additional five lodges on the estate, a 22 acres 
(8.9 ha) spring-fed, stocked lake, stables, stud farm facilities and 
natural gallops. The University College Dublin Lyons Research Farm 
consists of a portion of the original Lyons Estate, having retained 
approximately 580 acres (230 ha), which are used by the School of 
Agriculture, Food Science and Veterinary Medicine for teaching and 
research activities.

<TITLE> Liocourt <\TITLE>
Liocourt is a commune in the Moselle department in Lorraine in 
north-eastern France.

<TITLE> Eotragus <\TITLE>
Eotragus is an early bovid from Europe, Africa, and Asia during the 
Miocene some 20-18 million years ago. It is related to the modern 
Nilgai and Four-horned Antelope. It was small and probably lived in 
woodland environments.

<TITLE> Fatty at San Diego <\TITLE>
Fatty at San Diego is a 1913 short comedy film featuring Fatty 
Arbuckle and Mabel Normand.

Cast:
Roscoe 'Fatty' Arbuckle - Fatty
Mabel Normand - Mabel
Phyllis Allen
Minta Durfee
Henry Lehrman
Ford Sterling

